Israeli forces have carried out more
raids in taram and Janine refugee camps
in the occupied West Bank and in the
past 12 hours at least two people have
been killed in raids in the town of
banan and in heon Muhammad Jam jum is
joining us now live from Tokar so we're
seeing more raids tell us about
them so Rob The Raid that happened here
in the taram Refuge camp in taram was
the most intense of the raids that
transpired that were carried out by the
Israeli Army throughout the occupied
West Bank in the overnight hours of
yesterday into today the one that
happened here uh took place over the
course of at least 4 hours starting
around 2:30 a.m. we're told by residents
they ended around 6:30 a.m. and we're
told that they were they were intense
clashes between Palestinian Fighters
here and members of the Israeli Army now
let me show you a little bit about what
we've seen here on this particular
street I'm going to let move the camera
around so if you look about 20 M up the
road you will see that parts of the road
have been destroyed that's that was done
the residents tell us by the Israeli
armed bulldozers that were here now
we're told that when those Israeli
armored bulldozers came through this
section that Palestinian Fighters
actually lobbed explosives at those
bulldozers what you see going on behind
that area up there those are vehicles um
equipment machinery by the taram
municipality they were trying to repair
this stretch abroad so that the
residents lives can get a little bit
easier after what happened last night
let me just show you a little bit more
but what we're seeing here today of
course there are residents here a lot of
them telling us how nervous they are
because of what happened over here to
the left where you see a bunch of people
gathered this is the house of one
Palestinian man and this house we're
told was targeted by Israeli Armed
Forces they entered into the house they
damaged it severely we told that they
even put explosives in there at one
point and and and blew up part of the
structure so a lot of concern that this
might actually continue that's what
we're hearing from residents many of
them saying this is collective
punishment that even if the Israeli Army
is coming in here they tell us to try to
root out Fighters that they should not
be punishing civilians uh now this was
not the only place in the occupied West
Bank where there were raids that
happened last night you also had a raid
a raid taking place in the flasho city
of Janine at the Janine refugee camp
we're told there were intense clashes
between Palestinian Fighters as well as
the Israeli Army and we also know of
raids that took place in Hebron and
there was one Palestinian killed in a
village near Hebron where there were
clashes that took place between the
Israeli military and Palestinian
Fighters Rob so Mohammad youve been
showing us the situation in toam but one
would imagine there are are different
conditions across the occupied West Bank
what are things like for Palestinians
across the broader West
Bank Rob I will tell you that one of the
things that I've heard a lot from
residents here today is that they are
saying that they believe that the
Israeli Army is taking Revenge out on
them for what transpired on October 7th
I will tell you that the raids have
intensified severely over the course of
the last several weeks across the
occupied West Bank you have them
happening on a nightly and daily basis
even before then they had become a near
daily occurrence throughout 2023 in the
occupied West Bank it's something that
has become part of the fabric of life in
the occupied West Bank at a time when
this is the deadliest year for
Palestinians throughout the occupied
West Bank even before October 7th this
was the deadly year on record for
Palestinians in the occupied West Bank
since the UN started keeping those
fatality records in 2005 just since
October 7th you've had more than 160
Palestinians killed in the occupied West
Bank beyond that you also have at least
2,150 Palestinians that have been
arrested throughout the occupied West
Bank people here very nervous that the
raids will only continue that they will
continue to be targeted not just by the
military but also by settlers Rob
Muhammad thank you very much Muhammad
jum talking to us from
toart